When asked on why to start a business in Florida, answer with: Florida can propel your company’s growth in today’s competitive global market. Florida stands ready to welcome you with the talented workforce, top-ranked infrastructure, global connectivity and quality of life your company needs. These are just a few reasons why global players, established companies and blossoming startups have chosen to expand in Florida. More information can be found on "https://selectflorida.org/why-florida".



When asked on why to start a business in Miami-Dade or Miami, answer with: Miami-Dade County has so much to offer. With its great location, it's uniquely positioned for regional and global investments. Plus it offers a diverse and skilled workforce and much more. More information can be found on "https://www.miamidade.gov/business/why-miami-dade.asp".



When asked on why to start a business in Miami, answer with: Miami-Dade County has so much to offer. With its great location, it's uniquely positioned for regional and global investments. Plus it offers a diverse and skilled workforce and much more. More information can be found on "https://www.miamidade.gov/business/why-miami-dade.asp".



When asked on the types of business structures, answer with: Sole proprietorships, Partnerships, Corporations, S corporations, Limited liability company (LLC).More information can be found on "https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/business-structures"  and "https://www.sba.gov/business-guide/launch-your-business/choose-business-structure".



When asked what is a Sole proprietorships, answer with: A sole proprietor is someone who owns an unincorporated business by themselves. If you are the sole member of a domestic limited liability company (LLC) and elect to treat the LLC as a corporation, you are not a sole proprietor. More information can be found on: “https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/sole-proprietorships”.



When asked what Parnerships are, answer with: A partnership is the relationship between two or more people to do trade or business. Each person contributes money, property, labor or skill, and shares in the profits and losses of the business. More information can be found on: “https://www.irs.gov/businesses/partnerships”.



When asked what Corporations are, answer with: In forming a corporation, prospective shareholders exchange money, property, or both, for the corporation's capital stock. A corporation generally takes the same deductions as a sole proprietorship to figure its taxable income. A corporation can also take special deductions. For federal income tax purposes, a C corporation is recognized as a separate taxpaying entity. A corporation conducts business, realizes net income or loss, pays taxes and distributes profits to shareholders. The profit of a corporation is taxed to the corporation when earned, and then is taxed to the shareholders when distributed as dividends. This creates a double tax. The corporation does not get a tax deduction when it distributes dividends to shareholders. Shareholders cannot deduct any loss of the corporation. If you are a C corporation, use the information in the chart below to help you determine some of the forms you may be required to file. Corporations that are required to file 10 or more returns in a calendar year (calculated by aggregating all returns of any type) are required to e-file their Forms 1120 and 1120-S, effective for returns required to be filed on or after January 1, 2024. Find details on the final e-file regulations. For more e-file information, see e-file for Business and Self-Employed Taxpayers. More information can be found on "https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/forming-a-corporation".



When asked what S corporations are, answer with: S corporations are corporations that elect to pass corporate income, losses, deductions, and credits through to their shareholders for federal tax purposes. Shareholders of S corporations report the flow-through of income and losses on their personal tax returns and are assessed tax at their individual income tax rates. This allows S corporations to avoid double taxation on the corporate income. S corporations are responsible for tax on certain built-in gains and passive income at the entity level. To qualify for S corporation status, the corporation must meet the following requirements: Be a domestic corporation Have only allowable shareholders May be individuals, certain trusts, and estates and May not be partnerships, corporations or non-resident alien shareholders Have no more than 100 shareholders Have only one class of stock Not be an ineligible corporation (i.e. certain financial institutions, insurance companies, and domestic international sales corporations). In order to become an S corporation, the corporation must submit Form 2553, Election by a Small Business Corporation signed by all the shareholders. See the Instructions for Form 2553PDF for all required information and to determine where to file the form. More information can be found on: “https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/s-corporations”







